3-day virtual events, challenge funnels,
whichever one you call them or decide to
go with, lumpsum funnels, lot of money
you can make. Therefore, we have a whole
series dedicated on this channel and a
nice little playlist for you on the best
practices of this type of virtual event.
And in this video, out of all those
videos in the series, we're going to be
covering what to actually cover, the
content structure of the virtual event
itself. We typically do our virtual
events in 3-day formats. Some people do
them a little longer, some people do
them a little less. I'll talk openly
about why we prefer the 3-day. And
again, whole topic of this video is
going to be diving deep on what you
should cover throughout these three
days, what the flow and the structure
should be in order to maximize the total
return and the lump sum that you should
be able to produce through this type of
funnel. So, welcome in. If you're new to
the channel, all we talk about around
here is hitting million-doll months.
You're either tacking on the first
million a month or going after that next
million a month if you're sitting here
watching these videos. And per usual, we
have no idea who the [__] you are and
whether you have any probability at all
to go out there and hit million-dollar
months. According to the US Bureau of
Labor Statistics, the probability to
even do $10 million a year.1%.
Okay? So, your odds are really [__]
low to do something that's going to be
an even smaller percentile probability
to hit million-doll months. But again,
if you're sitting here watching this,
all we're doing is passing down the
lessons of people who have been there,
done that for all our clients over the
years, our inner circle members,
consulting deals, etc. just handing down
what works. So again, entertainment and
education purposes. If you're already a
subscriber, welcome back. Absolute
pleasure to have you here. Without
further ado, let's dive in. So we like
to do the three days rather than 5 days
or 4 days because there's going to be a
drop off on each subsequent day. And a
lot of people think that during the
virtual event, you have to have an
extreme overwhelming amount of content
prior to making your pitch to get the
most people to convert. Sometimes that's
true relative to the pricing and the
skepticism and the overall education
that might be necessary for your
specific niche and what you do. Here's
what we do on our end. We found time and
time again that 3 days is the sweet
spot. That's the pocket. That's the
Goldilock zone. Okay. Reason being, day
one, we're just going to do a fuckload
of content. Day two, the entire first
half of the day, we're going to do a
fuckload of content. We're going to do
our pitch at the end of day two. Day
three, we're going to do a rep pitch, a
VIP upsell pitch. We're going to do
another rep pitch from somebody else.
And then usually we're going to close it
out with another content section. That's
a summary of the flow. Now, we really
have found time and time again that 3
days is the pocket sweet spot goldilock
zone solely because we've tested those
same exact clients with longer formats
and shorter formats. And we've done so
many of these over the years that again
time and time again, we find that the
3-day ends up being the pocket. You
don't need to do more. And if you do
less, sometimes it's a little risky
because you'd make a little less from
doing less content overall. So anyway,
three days is the pocket. That's what
we're sold on. So therefore, in this
video, I'm going to demonstrate to you
what type of content you need to plug
into each one of those days. Here it
goes. Day one, all content. Okay?
Whatever the actual theme is of the
virtual event or whatever the outcome is
that you want to help people produce in
the challenge funnel, your goal in day
one is to break down as much as you
possibly can about whatever it is that
you're specifically selling people on
and talking to them about. Here's the
thing. Usually in the first part of the
day, like the first and the second
session are generally what we call get
them in the game content. Okay. The get
them in the game content is it's a way
of thinking where you got to try to
treat them like they don't understand
why whatever you're going to try to get
them to do or why whatever you want them
to buy into even needs to be bought into
in the first place. Right? Think about
it like this. I'm making the assumption
in this exact video right now that
you're already sold on doing a virtual
event. I'm not really selling you on
doing it. I'm sold and I'm thinking
you're sold on doing it already. So, if
you really reflect on how I'm
communicating to you right now, it's
under the assumption you already
understand the premise of why you do
this because it's a lump sum event and
people make a fuckload of money doing it
is likely why you're going to do it.
Okay? And it's a big significant lump
sum comparatively to any other funnel
type that you generally can commit to
doing. And it all happens at once. Thus
why we call it a lumpsum funnel. But
again, I'm not sitting here making a
video. There's there's not a video in
this playlist you'll find on that
specific topic. Again, I'm assuming
you're already sold on the idea. Now, in
a virtual event, in a challenge funnel,
you don't typically want to operate
under that assumption. Okay? A challenge
funnel, if you've watched the pricing
video for this specific concept where I
talk about the promotional cycle, the
price points, when to price it at what
prices based on where you're at in the
promotional cycle. You'll notice it's
relatively low ticket, right? It's tens
of dollars or maybe low hundreds of
dollars that somebody's going to commit
to. Therefore, we have to treat it like
any other low ticket product from that
perspective. Generally with any kind of
low ticket product we sell, the whole
point of it is to help get somebody a
result as fast as we can get them a
result. Okay? The speed in which we can
help somebody produce an outcome is the
speed in which we are probable to upsell
them. Now, here's what's very important
to understand about that key concept.
Outcomes don't always have to be an
actual tangible result that they've gone
out and produced. Sometimes all that has
to happen in order to get somebody to go
from low ticket to high ticket is making
them feel like they understand it
thoroughly enough to make a decision
about what you're going to sell them
that's high ticket. You get them in the
game mentally and that's why we open it
up with this concept of this get them in
the game logic. We want to break down
why it makes sense to do whatever you're
talking about doing. This is where you
give people the background information.
This is where you give people like your
origination story for how you got into
this or the brand's origination story
and like why you do what you do. This is
where you go into the data that matters
to frame them on everything else they're
about to subsequently learn. Now, here's
the better way to do this, too.
Typically, Challenge Funnels virtual
events, they have like a main speaker,
they have a host, they have somebody
who's going to be like centric and
presenting and making the pitch during
the entirety of this event. That's
typically the person that opens up and
that's typically who tries to get them
in the game. Now, can you strategically
bring in other speakers that can also
help do this? Yes, that's one thing
you'll find is a commonality throughout
this whole process of what we're going
through here together. You'll hear me
reference things like, "Hey, by the way,
you might have somebody else here that
gives like a counter take on the exact
same thing and further sells on the
idea, but from a completely different
perspective on why it makes sense to do
whatever you're talking to them about
doing." You could do that during this
section if you wanted to. You'll lose a
little bit of authority. But again, just
getting them in the game matters a lot
in this opening stage of what you're
actually going to talk to people about.
Now, keep in mind, challenge funnels
generally have some type of outcome that
you do actually want to help get them
there's some type of tangible result
that you want to help them produce.
Okay? So, if you're doing more of the
challenge funnel route where you're
actually trying to get them to do
something and produce a result, you got
to keep in mind this content aligns
perfectly to that and the subsequent
steps of what you're going to do in the
day for the content are meant to further
get them down to the point where they
can actually go out after day one, do
some kind of homework and get involved
in whatever it is you're pitching them
on doing. So, as an example, we have a
guy right now. Guy makes a couple
million bucks a month teaching people
how to trade. This guy in particular
wanted to do a challenge funnel. He
obviously asked us like, "Oh," which I
cover. He wanted to do a challenge, not
a virtual event. So, therefore, we were
like, "Oh, listen. First part
origination story, why it makes sense to
trade, why you're sold on trading, how
trading works, what your trading style
is, right?" And from there, we start
transitioning into teaching them like
here's all the platforms you could use,
here's the specific trading strategies
you deploy, here's how to do something.
And like in the very backend part of the
day, he'll teach him to do something as
simple as like plotting a strategy onto
a chart or as in another example, using
historical data and what we call
playback simulation in order to go and
actually try to trade some of the
strategies that they likely were exposed
to on day one. The homework in between
day one and day two being something that
they can do that makes them feel
involved in whatever it is that you're
selling them on makes a ton of sense in
this example. Okay. Anyway, the 3-day
virtual event comparatively typically
doesn't have an actual outcome that
you're trying to help the person
produce. It's more so just kind of like
an industry event, but virtual where
your central conversation points with
them throughout the entirety of the
event are focused on a specific topic.
They're less outcomebased. the the
entirety of the 3-day virtual events are
generally centric around this topic,
this conversation of like why you do it,
how to do it, you know, and ultimately
the high ticket things speeds up the
process to getting the outcome in both
scenarios, no matter which one you
choose to do. But in the 3-day virtual
event, you generally don't have to
assign people homework. You generally
don't have to focus as much as like
getting them involved and making sure
they understand it enough to get them
involved. You're just trying to in the
3-day virtual event, make them aware.
That's the main thing. make them aware
and try to cover as many conversational
points as you can around that central
topic. So, it's a bit different
depending on how you go about choosing
to do this. So, anyway, back to the
point at hand. After you do the get them
in the game content, generally it's just
further down the process. Okay, so I
talked to a guy the other day. We got
this physical location now. It's crazy,
by the way, having a physical location.
People will just [__] walk into your
business because it's a physical
business. We hate that. We have signs on
the door telling people, "Get the [__]
out of here." But again, random people
just [__] walk into my business and
are like,
>> "Oh, I see you do marketing. Like, what?
I got this. Can you help with this?"
And,
>> "Oh, man. We don't we don't obviously
want that. We don't we don't want that."
Okay. However, it happens. And some of
these people that have walked in, they
they've had like no awareness at all. I
have to sell those people on general on
the idea of like why paying for ad spend
even makes sense. I have to sell them on
the idea of like how the whole online
world works and like things like funnels
and risking money to turn it into more
money. You see what I mean? It depends
on where somebody's starting at. So, are
you selling to somebody and are you
bringing people into this event that are
more like that? Or as another example,
like I've got guys I have a painter that
comes by here as as a as a great
reference for this point I'm trying to
make. He's run ads before. He's tried
lead forms. He even has a website like
he's driven traffic to the website. He's
gotten results through both, but he
prematurely cut his ads off because he
had comparison bias. He saw a cost that
was like $2 to $3 a lead, went up to 17
bucks a lead. The guy was still [__]
milking it from a rorowass perspective,
but again, he shut it off from naivity.
That guy in comparison, like he's
already technically in the game to a
degree. I don't have to explain like
super base level [__] to him. Okay, I
can talk to that guy at a higher level
like right away. And to be clear, what
I'm going to talk about in my challenge
obviously needs to be centric around
identifying who I'm specifically
bringing in in the first place. And
remember, you control who you bring in
through all the front-end messaging that
you have, right? If I want to take
absolute [__] noobs from total noob
to whatever level I want to take them to
through the event, yeah, I got to keep
that in mind because that's going to
center what type of content I need to
produce. If I am talking to people who
are already like kind of one foot in the
door and I need to pull them all the way
into the door, then I start at a
different point and I progress through
the event to a different point. I get
further along with the people that are
already further along. You feel me? So,
the rest of this content, it's very
important and and it's fundamental that
you understand this, okay? Because if
you don't, you're likely going to talk
about [__] that the people who are
already further along don't give a [__]
about. And the people who are too entry
level, if they're too entry level and
you're talking too far along, they're
not going to understand what the [__]
you're talking about. Okay? So, you got
to balance these two. You got to be
really aware. I can't stress this
enough. You got to be really aware about
who you're attracting. And therefore,
that concludes to like what you're
technically going to talk about
throughout the rest of this thing. Once
you get them in the game, though, okay?
and you make some progressions to these
following sessions, you're just
furthering the awareness, okay? And that
can come from all kinds of different
perspectives. So, we have a client. She
teaches people how to buy businesses and
she does these virtual events at this
point twice a year. Now, she'll start
her day one by explaining her backstory.
She used to work in Wall Street. She
quit. She wanted to help regular people
get a lot richer. She took a lot of
these tactics specifically on buying
businesses and rolled them out to people
in the general public to learn how to
buy a business instead of building a
business. This has worked tremendously
well for her and she typically starts
from the perspective of why you need to
buy a business, her origination story,
but then right away she jumps into all
kinds of [__] How to find the right
businesses to buy, what are the right
businesses to buy, how to actually buy
those businesses, right? all the
different negotiation points and
leverage points and literal ways in
which you can fund and buy a business or
creatively finance a business. And
here's my point that makes a lot of
sense for her to cover there. She covers
all the categories of what you would
generally want to know when it comes to
buying a business right in day one. Day
one is generally anywhere from like as
low as 4 hours, sometimes as high as
like six hours in content. I've seen
people pull it off in three, so we can
technically say as low as about 3 to six
hours. Okay? Sometimes a little longer.
Here's my point though. If we look at
the trading guy who's teaching people
how to trade, his opening, let me get
people in the game is look why trading
makes sense, why this like here's all
the different trading styles you could
use. Here's why my specific trading
style makes the most sense. Here's my
origination story and like what got me
into this whole thing. And then from
there, after we transition into
furthering the awareness, we start
talking about ways to trade. Like, okay,
here's some charts. Here's like making
sense of the chart so you're not looking
at something that just seems foreign as
[__] you're like, "Oh, no. This makes
sense to me." So, we have to get them to
understand the chart. Then, we start
having them understand things like tools
and instruments and indicators. Mainly
the indicators is what they start to
focus on at that point. And at that
point, what they typically start to do
is teach the strategies. Okay? So, they
get people to understand the chart. Then
they start talking about indicators and
certain things that you can see on the
chart like liquidity. Then they start to
explain, well, here's the liquidity
strategies that we like to use based on
what we just taught you. And then they
wrap it all together. Okay? That's
typically what day one is in a nutshell.
Get people in the game and then teach
them the subsequent things that they
need to understand about this whole
thing to make it make sense. We've had a
medical company, they sell hyperbaric
chambers, they sell red light panels, I
believe they sell some other things,
too, but long story short, you know,
essentially oxygen therapy and red
light. And again, they do these virtual
events where they'll get people to sign
up for like a health and wellness summit
and they're learning all these different
longevity strategies. They'll start the
event by talking about here's all the
different things that you need to know
about where we're at in modern medicine,
why focusing on longevity makes a lot of
sense as it relates to AI and things
extending our lifespan further. Telling
the backstory about how people used to
die at like 35 and how we're now
probable to die in our low hundreds. And
people who choose to focus on longevity
can make that possible. And then we
further the awareness. They make them
aware of all the different technologies
that exist. And then they start saying
like, "And here's what makes sense for
the most common people to typically do
and focus on." And they talk about
things like the oxygen therapy, the red
light panels, and like the benefits of
some of the specific technologies that
they brought up. So they make people
aware of a whole bunch of technologies,
the least risky, and then they work
those to the point at the end of day one
where somebody would conclude to the
fact that oxygen therapy and red light,
dieting, these things all make a lot of
sense. Different exercise routines,
different equipment, they might sell
them. Now, here's my point. In all three
of these examples, they're all doing the
exact same thing. They're introducing
somebody to the game. They're trying to
get them involved in the game through
storytelling about the origination
stories and just why it makes sense and
how the game works. Okay? Then they
further the awareness. They drill down
on specific topics that get the person
to conclude to I understand this a lot
more than I did walking into today's
event. And that is that low ticket to
high ticket result that I'm telling you
you must have. There has to be that kind
of aha moment that occurs in a low
ticket product where the individual
feels like they got what they paid for.
You know, if I buy a book, all it takes
is one little sentence out of a book. I
don't give a [__] if it's in the first
chapter or the last sentence of the
entire book. As soon as I get that
little aha moment, buying the book and
reading the book and spending the time
feels worth it. It's not even that I had
to go out and get a result with whatever
that talked about. Just that little
like, wow, that makes a lot of [__]
sense. Can't believe I didn't know that.
Glad I know it now. That gives me the
satisfaction. That's what gives
customers the satisfaction who buy a low
ticket thing that they got what they're
there for. It also dramatically
increases the probability that they buy
from us on day two when we make our
pitch. So anyway, bear with me. We're
going on. Here's the moral of the story.
That's the result. That's like the
outcome of day one that you want to make
sure that you're satisfying. Okay? And
when you go into day two, day two starts
with kind of an extension of that where
the opening content is typically the
same thing where all you're really
trying to do is just again further the
awareness. Okay? you're talking about
more information, more data. Sometimes
you're just reinforcing the exact same
thing, but from another perspective of
talking about that exact same thing.
This is a little Apple Pencil. Okay. On
my side of the pencil, it says the word
pencil pro at the top. But you can't see
that. You see whatever you specifically
see on this side. My side also has like
a flat edge. You see that there? Your
side is completely rounded. Now, if I'm
looking at my side and you're looking at
your side, again, this is the exact same
object in either scenario, but I see it
completely differently than how you see
it. Both of us describing our
perspectives to one another helps us
understand the entirety of this object
to try to make sense of it. However, the
person standing down here in the palm of
my hand, well, they see something
completely different that neither one of
you or I can see. And again, we'd
appreciate their perspective, too.
Here's typically what you do on day two
when I talk about furthering the
awareness. You try to bring in some
other speakers that can tell the story
of the thing that you're trying to talk
about and increase the awareness on to a
different perspective's view, right?
Their goal is to try to break it down
from their worldview on how that thing
works. So, as an example, we had this
client again teaching people how to go
buy businesses and she brings in two
other pretty major personal brands. One
of them was in the tech space. This guy
teaches people how to scale SAS
companies. well-known guy, does business
coaching in general, but again came up
in the roots of scaling SAS companies.
The second high authority figure has a
big business in the real estate
education and real estate space in
general that teaches people how to do a
very specific real estate investing
strategy. Now, these two people, they
might sound like they're in completely
different industries and niches. How
would they lend any perspective to the
idea of buying a business? when in
reality, both of these guys have
acquired businesses. And both of these
guys had very different ways that they
leveraged buying businesses to help get
them to the point that they're at today.
The guy in the SAS company, he talks
about buying businesses from the
perspective of rolling companies up to
have a greater exit valuation. That's a
completely different perspective on the
same thing that we're both looking at
that that main speaker who's teaching
everybody how to buy businesses hadn't
touched on. The second person from the
real estate space, that guy talked about
it from the perspective of being able to
acquire a new customer base and being
able to take the value that that
existing business's technology was
providing and providing it to his
existing customer base as a new upsell
and revenue source. So again, a
completely different perspective
comparatively to our other authority
figure and comparatively to our main
character of the event, the trading guy
that we're sitting here working with on
a consulting deal for this challenge
funnel he has coming up. We told him,
we're like, "Look, you have a specific
way of trading. You have friends that
you know that are also well-known,
people who trade that you can bring in
to do the exact same thing. teach their
perspective on why trading makes sense
and let them show how trading in general
helped them get to the point where they
have whatever level of satisfaction they
have in life. Show the outcomes that it
helped them produce. Don't necessarily
have them sell their way of trading as
better than your way of trading. Maybe
they even use the same way that you
trade and therefore they endorse it from
their perspective, but they have
different outcomes in their life
compared to you. Or maybe they used it
for a different vehicle. So, the trading
guy, he typically trades NASDAQ futures
as a main place that he trades. Well,
one of the guys that he's going to bring
in uses the exact same trading
strategies as our main character.
However, that guy uses it in the crypto
markets. So, moral of the story is that
guy can say, "Oh, yeah, I use all this
in crypto. That [__] works over there,
too." So, he's endorsing the main
strategy that the main character is
attempting to teach people and increase
awareness and get people in the game on,
but that guy's lending the perspective,
>> "Oh, yeah. This [__] works outside of
what this guy's specifically talking
about."
>> So, it kind of handles an objection and
deals with that entire segment of the
crowd. You understand what I mean? these
supporting characters who come in and
help increase and further awareness.
What they're attempting to do is they're
attempting to take the main thing that's
being sold like that central topic and
they're just trying to sell it from
other perspectives to help the person
who's sitting there at the virtual event
or sitting there during the challenge
funnel. It's helping them understand the
entirety of what you're actually talking
about and what it is. Okay, that's the
main thing you got to understand about
day two. So, you're bringing in
supporting characters usually and these
supporting characters obviously you want
them to be great speakers. You want them
to have some authority. Ideally, simply
put, you got to get them to accomplish
what we just sat there and spoke about.
Now, these supporting characters, let's
use the example of our client that
teaches people how to buy businesses.
She is not just using external
characters. She also had two staff
members who were also speakers during
this 3-day virtual event. One of which
is the head of sales. Now, the head of
sales has extensive M&A background
experience, can go into a lot of
technical details about buying
businesses, but again, they share
completely different perspectives than
the main character and how the main
character articulates it. So, it's not
necessarily like a high authority in
that example. Same thing with their head
of product who was the second speaker.
It's not necessarily a well-known person
at all. It's not somebody that you could
even look up online and find a ton of
information about. This is somebody who
just sits there, deals with the buyers
of this company all day long, has showed
so many people how to buy businesses,
understands the most common questions of
the people who buy the program to learn
how to buy businesses, and is teaching
it point blank how to go about buying a
business, but from their perspective on
the whole thing. And more so in that
case, since that guy's the head of the
product specifically, teaching people
how to do it from really the customer
who actually buys the program's
perspective and all their technical
questions that get asked. And as silly
as this sounds, because again, those two
people are from internally in the
company. They share completely different
perspectives on how to do the same
thing. And it makes the thing that's
being sold more well-rounded. You
understand? That's the whole point of
day two for the first half specifically
is we're trying to just further extend
the awareness and we're trying to make
sure that we give people more of those
aha moments. We want people to have
those moments where they're like, "That
makes total [__] sense." Now, here's
the thing. During the second half of day
two, we transition to two things. One of
them is called the pre- pitch. And then
obviously we have our actual pitch.
Okay. Now, pre- pitch information. One
of my favorite people I've ever learned
from in my life. His name is Myron
Golden. I love Myron. Myin has give or
take the time that he's selling it.
Probably cost tens of thousands of
dollars to go and learn this [__] from
him. I don't even know what he calls it
to be honest with you. The uh the
product that I went and learned with
from Myin, he taught what's called the
pre- pitch and the rep pitch. Both of
which you leverage inside of a challenge
funnel or a three-day virtual event. And
he's really good at. Long story short,
even if you just go look up Myron on
YouTube, he has one video in particular.
Let me see if I can if I can tell you
the title of this thing because this
specific video is so good for
emphasizing my point that I'm trying to
make with you here about about how pre-
pitch material works. He sits there and
he just tells all these stories. Yeah,
here it is right here. He calls it the
science of rapid wealth creation. And if
I don't know if you can see this here,
this this is what that video looks like.
So, if if you look on his YouTube
channel and you go watch, he calls it
the science of rapid wealth creation.
Okay? And in this, I think it's like 30
minutes long, it's a perfect
demonstration of Myron's skills to do
pre- pitch material put on display.
Essentially, just one thing after the
other after the other after the other.
He's going through like these little one
to three minute stories where he's
proving a point about a way somebody
who's got a lot of success and is
wealthy thinks. Okay? And so typically
like let's use the two examples I
provided to you or even the third
example with the hyperbaric chamber red
light situation. So for the buying
business scenario the pre- pitch
material would sound something like I'm
going to go through some of the
characteristics of people who have
bought businesses successfully that have
bought our programs and had a lot of
success with us. Let me start going
through the characteristics of these
individuals. What you're then breaking
down are these individual like 1 to 3
minute sometimes 5 minute long stories
where you're talking about somebody who
was a bad way of being a thing and
became like a good way or inherited like
dropped the bad characteristic and like
inherited a new characteristic dropped
the bad way of thinking inherited a
better way to think. It's it's
essentially just a bunch of reframing
that you are priming somebody to
actively have top of mind right before
you make your pitch. So a great example
of this that essentially carries through
no matter what is sitting here telling
people things about success talking
about characteristics of individuals who
make a lot of money um you'd talk about
things like risktaking right you would
say look the people who make the most
the people who get the best results like
they know when to take a proper risk and
like what does a proper risk look like
and then you break down essentially what
you're about to pitch them on as an
example where you're like a great risk
can look like an offer presenting itself
to you inside of an event like this that
point blank tells you exactly what you
need to do. And again, if you're
committed to doing it and it gets you a
faster result, right? That's what
successful people do. Successful people,
they take timelines and they condense
them down to shorter timelines. And like
I'm pretty sure like a literal example
that Myron uses in that video I was just
showing you. He says something about,
"Look, you could you could make a
million dollars. What's the difference
between a guy who works at McDonald's
and a guy who makes a million dollars in
a month, right?" Well, the difference is
is how fast they made the money, right?
and he'll start going through like
compression of time and he'll
strategically plug things that you're
about to be pitched on into what can
compress time, right? And it's just a
bunch of this framing information. It's
so good and you want to have a whole
session dedicated to that. And if you
want to learn that in extensive detail,
we cover a lot of it. But to be fair, I
get Myron is the absolute master of the
pre- pitch and the rep pitch. I fully
endorse in any way, shape, or form
learning from my super smart guy. So
anyway, back to my point. Once you go
through the pre- pitch session where
it's again just a fuckload of framing,
that's where you then transition to the
point where you actually make your
pitch. Okay? And when you make the
pitch, we'll have a whole video
dedicated on this specific series that
we're going through together here on the
challenge funnel, the 3-day virtual
event. I'll have a whole video I
dedicate just to pitching, how the pitch
works, how to maximize revenue from the
pitch. But just to talk about the flow
at this point, you're making the actual
pitch. Okay? You typically tell people
give or take the pricing and again we'll
go through all this in a video to either
go book a call, pay a deposit to book
the call or do direct to checkout.
Again, all based on the price and then
you just stop. You just stop for the
day. You tell everybody, looking forward
to seeing you on day three tomorrow.
We'll cover more content. We're looking
forward to seeing you guys. I'm very
excited to help you guys out further.
You know, see you tomorrow. That's it.
You cut them off. Now, typically at this
point, if you've done this successfully,
obviously this is where you're going to
get the highest quantity of booked
calls. This is where you're going to get
the highest quantity of buyers. this is
where you're going to make the most
money from and and it should be like a
significant spike. Okay, day three
starts with what's called the rep pitch.
So, back to Myron Golden. Outside of the
pre- pitch material that he does, one
thing that he does which is much more
direct, but it's still very framing
based is what he calls the rep pitch.
So, this is this is I I'll never forget
I learned this. It's like so simple.
However, like the way that he
strategically does it is is
professional. Just it's the best way to
do it in my opinion. So, his version of
the rep pitch is much more direct than
the pre- pitch. Pre- pitch consider as
indirect framing information. Rep is
trying to call out very specific
reasons, objection handling, asking
people things about why they
specifically didn't buy, guessing like
what the most common objections are and
why people specifically didn't buy. Um,
you'd call it out as an example of it.
Just to be clear, you had an opportunity
yesterday to take action and to be a
first mover and like, you know, you
anchor back to whatever you talked about
and emphasize the success
characteristics in your pre- pitch to be
that type of person. Okay? And instead
of being that type of person, you let
that small tiny little character in your
head, you know, that little tiny voice
dictate your life again. And then, you
know, he'll sit there and like start
demonizing like the small version of you
and, you know, kind of make you feel
like a like an idiot if you don't take
action on it. And then he'll give people
these I've seen him do this in person.
It was so good. He got people to
essentially like raise it
>> like who here is willing to be the
bigger person now? Who here wants to be
their bigger self? Who here is
officially going to take the action?
Raise your hand.
>> And he'll get them to raise their hand.
will be like, "Stand up. All you stand
up."
>> And they all stand up and he'll be like,
"Come up here on stage with me. Come
here."
>> And he'll I've seen him go out in the
audience and literally grab their hand
and like make a train of people holding
their hand and he'll walk them all onto
the stage and he'll bring them up and
he'll literally like congratulate them.
He'll get everybody in the audience to
give them a huge round of applause for
like overcoming this version of
themselves. And then he'll give another
opportunity again.
>> Who wants to join us up here? Who wants
to dominate that little self? you know,
>> and he'll go out there again and like
pull more people on stage and then
literally he'll like take them behind
the stage after he's done with this
whole ordeal and like he'll close them.
And virtually you would do this by like
getting these people to be acknowledged
on the Zoom, maybe spotlighting them all
at once and like having these people
clear and visible to everybody else. And
you just simply put you're highlighting
these individuals and glorifying them
and putting them on a pedestal. And
anyway, my point is that's how the rep
pitch is. Like you just start the day
literally with a straight up repitch.
Okay? And usually this turns into like
an objection handling section. The Q&A
all typically happens here as well where
you're just answering questions on the
offer. You're answering questions on the
actual content that you've talked about.
Usually, you have a second person as I
talked about prior on day two. You
usually have a second person come in and
they do their version of a rep pitch.
Now, depending on what you're selling,
sometimes you have higher level people
there that it might not make sense for
them to buy whatever your main offer is.
In that example, you could also have a
way between day two and day three for
them to raise their hand and say, "I am
a higher level person and I would like
to hear you out on a higher level pitch
that you might have for me." And from
that perspective, right, if you get
people to raise their hand and say like,
"Yeah, I I think I'm bigger than this
other offer that you've already
presented me." You can also have a
totally separate carved out little room
solely for those people that you're
answering with a with a different person
pitching or you pitching, doesn't
matter. And you're pitching them on a
higher level thing. And so therefore,
you increase the overall amount of cash
you're going to get. So for our main
like business buying client, as an
example, she had a $9,000 offer with a
$2,000 deposit to book the call. That
was like the main offer. In between day
two and day three, she said, "Hey, by
the way, if you make more than a million
dollars already with your business,
might make more sense for you to hear us
out on our $35,000 offer, which is meant
to like teach you how to acquire
businesses to scale as a scaling
tactic." And we had a good I don't know
I don't know the exact number. I'm not
going to make it up. There's a good
amount of people though that said like,
"Yeah, that's me." So they had a
separate Zoom room just for those people
specifically to get pitched. Like a
little silo pitch is what we call it. So
you kind of do two things. So again, you
repitch, you do the objection handling,
you do the Q&A, you have a second person
come in and do their version of a rep
pitch. And to be clear, at the same time
as that, you might have a silo pitch
happening for some type of higherriced
product. Okay? And then usually what you
do just a close out day three like you
do a closeout talk. And the closeout
talk is very important to understand.
Closeout talk is just straight content
again and you try to tie a bow on this
whole thing for whatever the central
topic point was or if it's a challenge
funnel you want to go out there and
encouraged to go and take the actions
for producing whatever result you're
trying to get people to do. So in either
scenario the closeout talk makes people
again kind of feel like you didn't just
pitch them all of day three. You know it
makes people feel like you still
presented more content, more
information. Makes them walk away. It's
the walk away talk where they say,
"Dude, that was really good. you know,
I'm really I'm really glad that I spent
those three days like learning whatever
I just learned and like, you know,
mastering this topic that I just got
access to. Now, to be really direct,
okay, this specific flow, there's a
bunch more little nuance things that I
could sit here and talk about. I'd say
that I covered roughly I'd say about
40%. Generally on YouTube, I try to
withhold and I show about maybe 10 to
20% of everything that I know on a
specific topic. In this case, I give you
about 40% of the things that I could
have otherwise talked about. I save that
other 60% or that other up to 90% on
most of my videos for my inner circle
members or for my master internet
marketing students and of course my
clients. If you're rich trying to get a
whole lot richer, there's a link down to
the inner circle below. It's called
Jeremy's inner circle. Go check that
out. It comes with twice a month
one-on-one calls, weekly group calls, a
quarterly mastermind right here at our
venue and the good old Miami, Florida
sunshine. We have an extensive training
library, Jeremy AI access for real-time
back and forth. You could just message
me anytime. We do our quarterly inerson
masterminds. Mastering internet
marketing is its own program. Sevenweek
live class. We do the class once a year.
You buy in at any point, get access to
the previous cohorts recording, which is
the most recent up-to-date information.
We have extensive SOP libraries in both
of these programs and you can preview
week one of our 7-week class. Down there
in the link in the description, there
should be something that you see for
that. So anyway, this flow super good,
very proven flow, something you can have
a lot of confidence in if you're going
to do your own virtual event, whether
it's a challenge funnel, whether it's a
3-day virtual event. This flow [__]
super hard, very OP strategy and very
excited to be able to present it to you
here today. Go out there and get richer
and I look forward to helping you more.
toxin.